My daughter is having
surgery here today.
- Are you Emma's mom?
- I am.
Could I talk to your son for a bit?
He's been through a lot
of bad things lately,
and I don't want him upset.
You must promise me that you won't
ever send me to a place like that...
a horrible place full of crazy people.
- Well, has he been released?
- Yeah, they let him go.
But they're gonna make him go back
unless I get him into this
private place, Pineview.
Yeah, no, I know. Yeah.
I don't have any insurance,
so I thought maybe you could marry me.
I'm not... I'm... I'm
not gonna marry you.
My son has terrible blackouts.
I didn't get him help because
I thought I could control it,
but I can't control it, and I just...
he just needs help.
I've just never been
so scared in my life.
What sort of a person runs
away from their sick child?
You have any idea the pain she suffered
feeling abandoned by her own mother?
[dramatic music]
He had a bad episode yesterday.
I got home.
He had broken a lock on a bedroom door.
He was blacked out when I was here.
That lasted hours.
And then he finally fell asleep,
and... and I just let him sleep.
But I-I-I need to get
him into your facility
- as soon as possible, b...
- [voice mail beeps]
To send your message,
press the pound key.
[eerie music]
You've reached the exchange
of Dr. Gregg Edwards.
To bypass this message...
[voice mail beeps]
Hi, it's Norma again.
Um... [sighs]
I'm sorry, Dr. Edwards.
Can you just call me back, please?
I know you're busy.
But please. Thank you very much.
[somber music]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Good morning, Mother.
Hi, baby. How you feeling?
My head hurts, and I just...
I feel so worn out, like
I ran a marathon or...
I can't remember yesterday at all.
[sighs] What happened this time?
You had a bad day yesterday.
I see.
What's the last thing you remember?
I-I think you locked me in your room.
Well, I... I needed to run out.
Just... I'm, uh, curious.
What did you need to
do that was so urgent
that you needed to lock me up?
I needed to buy some groceries.
We were out of everything.
Norman, don't.
I'm only a human being.
I don't know how to handle
everything under the
sun perfectly, okay?
Please, just give me a break, please.
I'm also starting to think
that these things are
triggered by stress.
Okay?
I-I need you to stay
home and rest today.
Be home with me.
It's freezing outside anyway.
It's been raining all night.
Let's stay in.
We'll play some cards and watch movies
or bake a cake. It'll be fun.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
Okay, I'm gonna make you some breakfast.
[ominous music]
[thumping]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[crying]
[banging]
Honey, breakfast is ready!
- Sync and corrections by madhatters -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Oh, shoot, there's no cream.
Well, you'll have to use milk.
Oh, I thought you went
to buy groceries, no?
When you locked me up?
Norman, why are you saying that
like I locked you in a
dog crate or something?
I did buy groceries;
I just forgot cream.
Stop hurling accusations at me.
I'm not hurling anything at you.
I'm asking you normal questions.
Well, you're making me defensive.
Well, I'm just wondering
what really happened
- while I was locked up.
- What are you doing?
I went to the market to buy groceries,
and now I'm done talking about it.
Where are the grocery bags?
[tense music]
Eat your breakfast, or I'm
throwing it in the trash.
We're ready to take the tube out.
Dr. Guynan will be in shortly.
Uh, blood pressure is 126 over 86,
and heart rate is 120.
- She has to be awake for this?
- It's preferred.
You're going to attempt
to breathe on your own.
So we need you present.
I'm gonna place your wrists in these
restraints during extubation, okay?
[dramatic music]
All right, Emma, if I could just get you
to look this way for me.
That's great. Thank you.
Hello.
Hi, Emma.
Oh, we've got a full house.
All right, we're just gonna
suction one more time.
- Should I leave?
- No.
Okay, Emma, all I need you to do
is to cough and to blow
out when I tell you to.
And I want you to keep
coughing until I say stop.
Understand? Okay.
Let's begin.
I'm going to deflate.
That's it. And a big cough, Emma.
- [coughing]
- Big cough, that's it.
That's it. You're doing great.
- Keep coughing.
- [wheezing]
- [coughing]
[sighs]
You're doing great.
Hey, Emma, I need you
to stay present with me.
Breathe.
- [Emma rasping]
- Emma?
Hey, Emma. Stay focused.
Okay, I just need you to breathe.
Keep breathing, honey. Just breathe.
Why aren't they putting
the tube back in?
- Just breathe.
- [rasping]
Breathe.
Come on, help her!
[panting]
Hey, there you go. That's better.
- You did it.
- [Emma laughs]
You did it. It's done. You're good.
You know, I don't want
you to talk right now,
because your throat will
be sore for quite a while,
but that's normal.
You did great.
[monitor beeping]
[melancholy music]
How about "Key Largo"?
Let's watch something funny,
like "His Girl Friday"
or a Carole Lombard movie.
I need to run down and do
a few things at the motel.
Oh, well, then I'd like to
go outside for a bit too.
No, I want you to stay here.
I mean, you need to rest
and stay warm, seriously.
You don't need a cold on
top of everything else.
What do you need to do down in the motel
that's so urgent, Mother?
I need to clean up one of the rooms.
Someone checked out yesterday,
and I haven't been down there
because I've been looking after you.
- Who checked out?
- Um...
I didn't see anyone down there.
That's because you've
been blacked out or asleep
for 24 hours.
It's just a woman.
I'll be right back.
[eerie music]
I'm back, Norman.
Norman?
Norman!
[suspenseful music]
What are you doing down here?
Just looking in the freezer.
Why?
And what are those
dead animals doing out?
Maybe because someone took
them out of the freezer
to make room for something else,
something bigger than a
dead skunk or pheasant.
[freezer door slams]
Why do you keep doing this, Mother?
Doing what?
I know why you locked me up yesterday.
- Yes, I told you why.
- Oh, stop it, Mother.
This is not a game.
You need to start being honest with me
so I can help you
or get you help.
Where did you put her?
Put who?
Woman with red hair,
flowered scarf, big earrings.
I know you had her in the freezer.
You didn't know I saw you, but I did.
[whispering] She checked out.
What are you talking about?
She... her luggage wasn't there.
You probably hid it somewhere.
I didn't hide anything.
Mother, I-I-I-I don't judge you.
I love you.
I-I love you so much, and I always will.
It's just, I think you need to let me
handle things from now on, okay?
You need to let me help you.
It's gonna be okay, Norman.
Hey, it's gonna be okay.
We're gonna be okay.
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
I'll get the door.
No, I'll get the door...
I'll get the door!
Alex, what's wrong?
Uh, nothing. Uh...
[clears throat]
I just... I just came
by to check on you,
just make sure you're doing okay.
Yeah, I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be fine?
Uh, I thought maybe 'cause
you came to my house
to ask me to marry you for insurance,
maybe you might not be fine.
Yeah, we're all good here.
Th-thanks for stopping by.
I'm sorry.
Okay, thanks for coming by.
- I'm... I'm sorry.
- About what?
When... well, I couldn't help
you out with the insurance and...
Oh, pfff. That... that was silly.
It's... I don't...
I don't know what I was thinking.
God, it rained all night.
That... that pit's
gonna turn into a lake.
You got to get that thing
filled in. It's dangerous.
Someone's gonna end up
in the bottom of that.
You're gonna have a
lawsuit on your hands.
Well, I don't have money to do it.
I'm sorry, I just... I... [sighs]
I need to get Norman into
Pineview, and I can't.
I need to have insurance, and I don't.
It's not your problem,
okay? I just... I need to...
No, wait, hold on. Hold on.
Are you afraid of being
here alone with him?
- No.
- Norma...
No, of course not. No.
Like I said, it's not your problem.
Don't worry about it.
I'll figure it out.
If you're scared, you
got to let me know.
[dramatic music]
I'm not scared.
Thanks for stopping by. Thanks.
I-I appreciate it.
I understand what
you're saying, but we...
we currently don't have any openings.
Just so you know, at any one time,
there could be up to 30
people on the waiting list,
so it's always best to
keep your options open.
- Hop on a few lists.
- Right, right.
But there's just no other
place like this one close by.
His mother runs a business in the area,
so he really needs to be in here.
Um... [chuckles]
My, uh, my mom was, uh...
she was in and out of these places,
so I know how it works.
Um, always a bed for a...
a senator's kid or some CEO's son.
I'm... I'm failing to understand.
Well, there should be enough here
for the first two months' stay.
And some for you.
And then after that, Norman...
he's gonna be added on my insurance.
Is Norman Bates related to you?
I'm marrying his mother.
"You have been the embodiment
"of every graceful fancy
"that my mind has ever
become acquainted with.
"The stones of which the strongest
"London buildings are made
"are not more real,
"or more impossible to be
displaced by your hands,
than your presence and
influence have been to me."
[eerie music]
"Estella, to the last hour of my life,
you cannot choose but remain
part of my character..."
"Part of the little good
in me, part of the evil."
You know, you've been
reading a long time.
Why don't you go
upstairs and take a nap?
You're still recovering,
and I just have so many chores to do.
Well, I can help you with that.
No, I'm fine; it's all stuff
that I can do by myself.
Just take a rest. You've
been through a lot.
All right, then, Mother. I'll
just go upstairs and lie down.
[suspenseful music]
[gravel crunching, brakes squealing]
Mother?
What were you doing down there?
I was checking to see how
much water's in the pit.
There's a lot.
Hi!
I'll be right down.
[sighs] I gotta go
check these people in.
- I-I will check them in.
- Norman, go inside the house.
You're soaked with water
and covered with mud.
It's my motel. I'm gonna do it.
It's not professional. I
thought I was the manager.
Fine! We'll do it together.
[dramatic music]
I can't let you be checking
in guests like this.
I need to protect you, okay?
So go in the house.
I'm not above making a scene
if it's what I have to do.
Okay, Norman.
Okay. I'm gonna go get changed.
There's no need to rush.
I'll meet you up there when
I'm done, so stay in the house.
Okay, but you come back
up as soon as you're done.
That's what I just said.
Hey.
It's great that you've
got rooms available.
We thought it might be impossible
to find a hotel in Otter Creek
with the cider festival going on.
I see.
Yeah, no, it's been quiet around here.
You can take your pick.
Oh, I love this place...
the whole setup.
Uber retro.
It's very cool. Sort of mid-century.
Mm, thank you.
Yeah, it's a little off
the beaten track, though.
We should probably start advertising,
although some say word of mouth
is the most effective
form of advertising.
Well, billboards work too.
[both chuckle]
Yeah, you're probably right about that.
[chuckles]
[cell phone ringing]
Hello.
Um, so I... I got some good news.
What?
I got Norman into Pineview.
You did?
But how?
Norma, I'll... I'll,
uh... I'll marry you,
if, uh, you still want me to.
[uplifting music]
Oh...
Are you still there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh,
yeah, I'm... I'm here.
I just, um...
I don't know how to thank you.
Um, no, no... uh, well,
Pineview, they're gonna send
you some papers to fill out.
Uh, but because Norman's 18,
he has to sign a consent form,
uh, for evaluation and treatment.
Okay, but he's not in his right mind.
Well, if you want
involuntary commitment,
that's a six-week process, and
that involves a court hearing
and two signatures from family members,
unless he's dangerous.
Then I can... I can expedite something.
I see.
Norma, is he... is he dangerous?
[dramatic music]
No, not at all.
Um, it'll be fine.
I'm just gonna get him
to sign the papers.
Okay, when are they sending it?
Uh, well, anytime. Could be now.
I just... I gave them your office fax.
The motel office?
- Yeah.
- Oh, crap.
- Crap.
- What?
Um, okay. Thank you.
Thank you, thank you,
thank you, Alex, thank you.
From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
- You're welcome.
- [line beeping]
So you're from Portland?
Yeah, we make specialty cider there.
We use nine different types of apples.
Oh, uh, well, that's a lot of apples.
[chuckles]
I'm particularly partial to
the Arkansas Black apple.
Oh, you know your apples.
I'll put you in room seven,
for good luck.
Thank you.
You know, I wish everyone in hospitality
could be so hospitable.
Well, if you're gonna be
working in hospitality
and not be hospitable, what's the point?
[foreboding music]
- Thanks.
- Bye.
Thank you.
[fax machine beeps]
So, uh, did... did you teach
English when you were a professor?
I did. Victorian Literature.
Tennyson, Dickens, Hardy... those guys.
Right, yeah.
I, uh... I didn't go to college,
but I guess that's...
I guess that's pretty obvious.
No, not at all.
I wanted to thank you, Dylan,
for being here for her
through all of this.
I wanted to.
You know, if she makes it through this,
she's going to have a future.
She's not gonna be a girl
planning on dying anymore.
Yeah, I understand.
If you're serious about
having a relationship
with my daughter,
and for your own sake,
you need to think about something else
besides selling pot.
[dramatic music]
That's not where Emma's
future is heading,
if she's lucky enough to have a future.
And to be honest...
you're too good to be doing that.
[door sliding open]
Hey, you're still here.
You don't have to talk if it hurts.
And not take advantage of my sexy voice?
I feel better than I sound.
Thank you for coming all this way.
Yeah, of course.
I just...
I wanted to make sure you're okay.
I just, uh...
I can't stop thinking...
What?
That you can, um...
there's nothing... there's
nothing holding you back anymore.
It's like you're being
unleashed on the world, and...
you can go anywhere and do anything now.
I guess that's true.
So, uh, I was just thinking that...
that maybe I should get
back to the barn and...
and make sure that Gunner didn't
burn the whole place down.
Okay.
Do you think you'll be back?
Do you want me to come back?
I want you to, yes.
I'm sorry about everything.
You're old enough to hear this.
She's crazy, Norman.
Always has been.
No, you're not here. You're not here.
It's... it's... it's part
of the illness, and...
and I have to control it,
so I need you to leave.
I need you to leave right now, please.
[ominous music]
You know you didn't kill me.
I did.
How do you know that?
Mother told me.
You didn't.
She did.
She lied to you.
I should've stopped her.
I didn't know.
You need to control her, Norman,
before she destroys you.
[suspenseful music]
I thought I told you
to stay in the house.
I just went outside to
throw some trash out.
What would you like for dinner?
Maybe we should just go out.
I don't think we should go out.
I don't think we should go anywhere.
Okay, um, well, wh-what would you like?
I think there's stuff
for a turkey potpie.
Should we do that?
- Okay.
- Cool.
Let's do turkey potpie.
You check in those people okay?
Mm-hmm. Checked in.
Nice family.
Oh, good.
Why don't you go upstairs
and take a bath or something
while I cook dinner?
Oh, I'm not leaving you alone, Mother.
- Why?
- Because I don't trust you.
That's silly.
No, actually, it's not silly.
It's incredibly real,
and it's very frightening.
I'm afraid of you and I love you,
and that's a bad combination.
I don't think you're in your right mind.
And you're trying to sabotage me.
I'm not doing anything.
I'm just making a turkey potpie.
Oh, my gosh, will you stop it?
I can't.
I can't. That's the problem.
It's not my doing.
[suspenseful music]
There's only one way to stop it,
and I don't want to do it.
Norman, you're scaring me.
I'm not gonna lie, Mother.
You should be scared.
We should all be scared.
I know about you now.
I understand things.
There's something dark in you, Mother...
something that needs to be stopped.
I know you killed that woman,
the one who was here
but didn't check out.
I saw you scrabbling about in that pit
trying to cover up your
crime so I wouldn't know.
I think you killed Bradley
Martin and Blaire Watson
because you were
jealous of both of them.
I think you killed my father.
And you... you...
you are trying to blame me.
You're trying to pin it all on me
and have me locked up!
Well, I am not gonna let you do that!
Mother!
Get back here right now!
Get back here!
[tense music]
You were looking for this, weren't you?
Give me the gun, Norman.
Poor little Norma.
Norman, give me the gun.
[sobbing]
I can't.
Yes, you can.
Mother...
What?
[crying]
Stop it, Mother.
Stop what? Hmm?
I'm just kissing you,
the way I've kissed
you 1,000 times before,
because I love you.
[sobbing]
Give me the gun, Norman.
- No!
- [screaming]
[breathing heavily]
Hi, you've reached Alex Romero.
- Please leave a message.
- [voice mail beeps]
[whispering] Alex, it's Norma.
I'm worried about Norman.
I-I think if there's anything
you can do tonight...
he should be admitted,
like, right now.
[dramatic music]
And I also... I just
wanted to say that...
I just wanted to say that
I'm incredibly grateful
for what you've done for me
and for what you've been to me.
♪ Who's that coming
down the thoroughfare ♪
♪ The sunshine flashing on his ring ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ Bowing left and right
and here and there ♪
You're delightful. Just floating.
♪ That's Chester, the trombone king ♪
♪ He gets his shirts
straight from Paris ♪
♪ Cigarettes from the Nile ♪
♪ He talks like a highbrow ♪
♪ But he plays Chicago style ♪
♪ He gets his shoes made in London ♪
♪ And they're real crocodile ♪
♪ But he plays trombone Chicago style ♪
♪ And he sometimes plays sweet ♪
♪ Hup-toodle-toodle, toodle-do-do ♪
♪ But sweet or hot, he's always got ♪
♪ That real gutbucket beat ♪
♪ He's got a neat Latin mustache ♪
♪ And the girls love his smile ♪
♪ He plays trombone ♪
♪ Chicago style ♪
♪ A trombone made in Newark played in ♪
Nylon mute, huh?
Run out and have that filled.
- Take it, twinkle toes.
- Got it, helium hips.
This boy's diseased with rhythm.
- Verna!
- Is this the one, daughter?
Shh, you'll cover up my partner's taps.
They both proposed to me.
Well, Verna, we're both crazy about you.
We've been fighting over you all week.
- Really?
- Yeah, and I won.
Harold's gonna marry her.
Wait till you see what I
got lined up for you, boy.
What is it, a dame?
What else would I line up for you?
- What's wrong with her?
- Oh, she's a doll.
- Really?
- She's a belle, yeah.
Cut it down to two encores. Let's move.
Okay.
[ominous music]
[movie dialogue continues indistinctly]
[suspenseful music]
I knew this was the
best way to get you...
To ignore you.
That you'd start worrying about me
because you knew I had a gun.
Because you do love me, Mother.
That's the heartbreak of it all.
So I found these.
It's bad timing, I know,
but I'm not gonna let you lock me up,
because I'm not the
one doing crazy things.
Norman, you have to trust me.
But I don't, Mother, and I can't.
It is a nice place, and
I know they can help you.
You just have to sign
the commitment paper.
And leave you out here to run amok?
What's behind your back, Mother?
It's nothing.
[dramatic music]
Norman, don't do this.
We just don't belong in
this world anymore, Mother.
We're broken.
We've tried.
We want peace and happiness,
but the world just won't allow it.
So let's take ourselves
out of the equation.
Because whatever there is after this,
we will have peace.
And we will be together.
We can have peace,
and we can be happy.
You just have to trust me.
[footsteps thumping]
- Norma!
- I'm sorry.
- Norma! Where are you?
- I'm so sorry.
I had to do it.
[sighs]
I'm so sorry.
Norma!
[melancholy music]
You're gonna come with me, okay?
We're gonna take you to get some help.
All right, let's go.
He won't sign the papers.
I'll have to take him back to County.
I'm not letting him stay here.
Norman, wait!
Wait!
Norman!
You won't have to go back to that place
if you just sign this.
Pineview is different. It's nice.
It's not like County, I promise.
If you just sign this,
you will not have to go back to...
Please.
[tender music]
Thank you, honey.
I love you. I hope you know that.
[crying]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org